CMake-Error--The-following-variables-are-used-in-this-project--but-they-are-set-to-NOTFOUND.
============================================================================================

root@Admin1:~/dls/whalebot# cmake ./ -- The C compiler identification is GNU -- The CXX compiler identification is GNU -- Check for working C compiler: /usr/bin/gcc -- Check for working C compiler: /usr/bin/gcc -- works -- Detecting C compiler ABI info -- Detecting C compiler ABI info - done -- Check for working CXX compiler: /usr/bin/c++ -- Check for working CXX compiler: /usr/bin/c++ -- works -- Detecting CXX compiler ABI info -- Detecting CXX compiler ABI info - done -- Boost version: 1.44.0 -- Found the following Boost libraries: --   filesystem --   system --   thread --   program_options --   date_time CMake Warning (dev) at webspider/CMakeLists.txt:25 (link_directories):   This command specifies the relative path      ../statsem_string/bin    as a link directory.    Policy CMP0015 is not set: link_directories() treats paths relative to the   source dir.  Run "cmake --help-policy CMP0015" for policy details.  Use the   cmake_policy command to set the policy and suppress this warning. This warning is for project developers.  Use -Wno-dev to suppress it.  CMake Warning (dev) at webspider/CMakeLists.txt:25 (link_directories):   This command specifies the relative path      ../3dparty/google-url    as a link directory.    Policy CMP0015 is not set: link_directories() treats paths relative to the   source dir.  Run "cmake --help-policy CMP0015" for policy details.  Use the   cmake_policy command to set the policy and suppress this warning. This warning is for project developers.  Use -Wno-dev to suppress it.  CMake Error: The following variables are used in this project, but they are set to NOTFOUND. Please set them or make sure they are set and tested correctly in the CMake files: HTMLCXX_LIBRARY     linked by target "whalebot" in directory /root/dls/whalebot/webspider  -- Configuring incomplete, errors occurred!